hello it's doing can you talk about
using maxi lenses on maker four-thirds
cameras for shooting video now let the
camera i'm using for this is at olympus
EPL one the lens this lens is a 50
millimeter 1.7 and as you can see beings
having such a varied up gel allows to go
but very shallow depth of focus which is
good if you like that effect of sleeping
a Lexi lands this lands does not have
any auto focus so it's all done with the
focus ring this can be typical in this
camera because without their be afraid
and sometimes hearty focus quickly and
accurately as i'm showing here now this
will prob be improved with a bit of
practice but it's probably not the best
option if you want fast-moving action
shots so as you can see with practice
you can focus relatively quickly but
it's obviously not gonna be as good as
other shots and up also that position of
the focus probably won't be great
because rick is then using the screen as
i do not have a beer vendor on this
camera so on all i think it's a very
good lens if you want the shots with
movie showed up the focus especially if
itself stationary objects but probably
not the best option for hey speed
movement i'm going to quickly change
dancers and discuss another option so
this another lens and being show you
this is also legacy lens and is at 35
days of a millimeter 13.2 84 at being a
sealant around city of si si
as shown here okay which is useful if ye
want to zoom the last ross RC a flame
Lance or you can't and bring in Lexi
lands obviously fully it's not secret
because there's no mortis in it focusing
and zooming Zoltan bay and again this
has the same problem of manual focus and
it sometimes typical to focus quickly
and accurately especially without the
viewfinder but it can be done reasonably
well as you can see and I can will be
useful for slow-moving objects because
you can change for you can get an earful
because if you are good with ours I
think does it seem the focus at having
dessert we're focused engine Sandy's
surge fault so I think good option if
you okay so if you have slow moving
things and our good at focusing because
it's very great and there's no searching
with the focus and I think that's all
after you say in summation Alexi Lance
is a good as long as you prepare to
focus and because they are credit
actually totally silent and this such a
variation is going get the perfect lens
for what you want to cheat all oh it
gets you full control of the focusing so
you don't have to away inator searching
for focus points so I think that's all
have to say on that and I'll as choice a
methyl answers in other videos thanks
bay